it guys me to welcome to a squad builder
on my channel today on fever for in this
is the second one in two days which is
quite strange the last one was with team
of the season so that it was really good
i enjoyed and played some few games
after that and played really well from
it just a little review of her one that
i did yesterday but yet this team
includes the team the season Finn ba
curson Finnbogason whatever the you
call them is only from Iceland so yep
well get into this team right now we've
got Joe Hart in Nets again absolute tank
I used him in in the last code building
as I love them doesn't matter how much I
hear this guy in real life I've gotta
like him and fee for his amazing it's
got 85 driving 76 handling 79 kicking a
TSM reflex in 81 positioning really good
and I'm it's going to be good i've used
it twice in two squad builders so yeah
next we're going to move on to mature on
Burlison got him in a free pack when the
free parks rope amazing stats he has 75
/ 72 passing a t-tube dribble defending
and 82 hidden good start up credit card
as well as 83 1 so now we'll move on to
the left on center buck it's going to be
Chris Smalling 76 purse 80 defending and
75 heading isn't I don't I give him I've
read him in real life I think he's a
decent setup up for his age as well as
you can see it's quite young still quite
young with him and phil jones i think
united in a few years time we'll have
really good set of a partnership a bit
like village and Ferdinand johnson
Smalling just my opinion but yet we'll
move on to the right back now it was the
most expensive play in the team so far
it's going to be philipp lahm he's
really good in this game is that Martin
the much performances for days in this
tomb split really well because 79 purse
84 passing 81 dribbling 82 defending and
only 66 setting isn't really a problem
for me because you don't really need a
header in your right back so move on to
the left but now who is Alexander
Buttner if you didn't only know about
this guy he's my favorite player in real
life and well yep yeah i feel that is an
amazing player but some people have
mixed mixed thoughts on him but i think
is good in real life proved himself
especially if ever is going in the
summer so yeah it's got 83 pay 69
passing 74 dribbling 70 defending and
simply hitting decent starts for a
silver left buck as well which is really
good see it
move on to the right hand side sent a
bid now who is going to be Bastian
Schweinsteiger the most German name in
history but yep he's 63 / switch again
as fabregas had yesterday you don't
really need some pace in the right hand
side center back on center mid or the
left hand side stand amid in this
formation because the right back on the
right wings will do for Pierce up there
anyway so yeah it's good 63 / 81
shooting 86 passing 83 dribbling 80
defending and 74 heading really good
start for him as well and if you stick
that powerhouse straight on him he will
never get pushed off the ball he's
amazing so we move on to the center mid
now who is a vilhena absolute based in
is a cream of God if you never used him
it grows really high I got mine 288 you
know what screamer editor so yeah it's a
really young prospect as well so yeah
it's got 77 / 68 shooting 70 passing 77
dribbling and a three-star skills and
forced I we look quite decent in my
opinion and a bit one for the future and
definitely see that will move on to the
left wing now who is going to be de pere
you can get his team in the season but
it's not really p naught p out 500k for
it at this moment in time because i'm
going to probably sell this team in a
feud in in a few hours maybe and go out
and make a new team for tomorrow
tomorrow squad builder with Timothy's
and gaby in it because these it looks
like an absolute beast 89 passing see ya
de pere has 87 purse 73 shooting the 62
passing 80 dribbling also foster skills
and forced our weak foot on there and is
really young as well oh yeah it's just
then we'll move on to the right wing now
can't believe I forgot to put the
comment but that doesn't really matter
we've got a mullah absolute got in my
opinion really good in gear it's got 82
piss 81 2 in 81 passing 80 dribbling in
75 day pretty much add acts like a
second striker in this formulation and
it's played really well it doesn't mean
you don't really need the pace with them
is only eight YouTube but appear has 87
and evil as amazingly in-game mother
only has a YouTube purse but as I said
he plays like a second striker so you
don't have any person him and it plays
amazingly in game so you move on to the
come now who I've got eye creme I maybe
why he got him in there it looks
terrible but in Game this guy is
absolutely insane he's got 73 / 67
shooting 73 passing 72 dribbling 34 *
week for three star skills and well I
really thought I would only use this guy
to get chemistry out of our our terraces
in fig finnbogason Finn Boggs and
whatever the is gold I thought I
would only use him to get chemisette of
him but really this guy is awesome go
and try them out isn't too expensive to
kid there was only two in the market
when I went to go and try him out
because he has moved into the Premier
League I think for maybe Cardiff i'll
have to check twice in that one but yeah
we're going to move on to the men one of
this team and now who's going to be in
Timna season Finn bought Finnbogason
Finnbogason quite good it was a top
goalscorer in Europe before Suarez came
on the scene that says a lot out of all
the top leagues in Europe including the
BPL list Syria League One Bundesliga
liga BBVA he was a top goalscorer of
every league till Suarez came on um came
on the act but yep he has 67 PS 81
shooting 73 dribbling and 78 heading the
only thing that's what about him at sea
is he's got three star we fund to start
skills blood doesn't really matter it's
one of the cheaper team of the seasons
like Susie I was yesterday I saw my
sister about 50k this morning and I
bought fit i'm finin Baggesen 47 inca
it's quite decent quite decent for a
really good play but it's quite hard to
get him into a team because he's from a
hard league see ya guys if you want to
go out and buy this team it is only
about 60 k on the Xbox market so yep
hopefully enjoyed the squad builder guys
and if you want to see another one
tomorrow with Tim Ulysses and Gaby
please leave a like comment subscribe
and I'll see you guys then